<html><body> <p>
</p><h2><br/><strong>This is the menu layout:</strong></h2><p><strong>Start Therapy</strong><br/><strong>Stop Therapy</strong><br/><strong>Device Settings</strong><br/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;- Autostart<br/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;- Load Defaults<br/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;- <i>Back</i><br/><strong>Therapy Settings</strong><br/>&nbsp; &nbsp;- SessionMinutes<br/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;- Intensity<br/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;- Jitter<br/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;- Hand Mirror<br/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;- <i>Back</i><br/><strong>Advanced</strong><br/>&nbsp; &nbsp;- Drive Voltage<br/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;- LRA Frequency<br/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;- ERM/LRA Status<br/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;- Set LRA<br/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;- OL/CL Status<br/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;- Set Open Loop<br/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;- <i>Back</i><br/><strong>About</strong></p><p>&nbsp;</p><h2><br/><strong>Description:</strong></h2><p><strong>Start Therapy:</strong> Starts therapy. Therapy will run for the length of minutes set in SessionMinutes, then stop.</p><p><strong>Stop Therapy:</strong> This will stop Therapy early</p><p><strong>Autostart:</strong> This configures whether or not therapy starts as soon as the device is powered on. This does the same thing as the solder jumper on the PCB</p><p><strong>Load Defaults:</strong> This loads settings to a known state if you get lost and change too much. While this loads variables in, they are not saved permanently. To save a setting permanently, load defaults and then go to the setting you want to save. Select it, then save it by pushing the rotary knob twice.</p><p><strong>SessionMinutes:</strong> This is how many minutes each session will last.</p><p><strong>Intensity:</strong> This adjust how intense the vibrations are.</p><p><strong>Jitter:</strong> This adjusts how much random jitter is injected into the finger patterns.</p><p><strong>Hand Mirror:</strong> Only 4 random fingers are selected each cycle, and are copied to the other hand. For instance, both index fingers may get activated, then both pinkies, then both ring fingers, then both middle fingers. If Hand Mirror is enabled, an Index finger on one hand and the pinky finger of the other hand will activate at the same time, the middle finger on one hand and the ring finger of the other will activate at the same time, etc. It's the same as taking the actuators off one hand and putting them back in reverse order.</p><p><strong>Drive Voltage:</strong> This is the drive voltage of the actuators. Going above rated voltages can damage the actuators. For ERM and LRA vibrators, this should be specified in the datasheet or accompanying literature, and is likely around 1.5V. For DAEX type audio exciters, this can likely be set higher.</p><p><strong>LRA Frequency:</strong> In Open loop mode, this will set the driver IC to vibrate the actuator at this frequency. The original gloves used 250Hz so that is a safe setting.</p><p><strong>ERM/LRA Status:</strong> This shows what the current setting is, either ERM, or LRA.</p><p><strong>Set LRA:</strong> If this is set ON, then the device is configured to work with LRA vibrators. If it is set to OFF, it is configured to work with ERM vibrators.</p><p><strong>OL/CL Status:</strong> This shows wheter the system is currently set to Open or Closed loop configuration. Closed loop tries to resonate the vibrator at it's resonant frequency. If you are using an off the shelf LRA, it may be best to set this to Closed loop. Audio Actuators don't have a specified resonant frequency and Closed loop mode may have a hard time locking in. With these actuators, Open loop is preferred.</p><p><strong>Set Open Loop:</strong> If this is set to ON, then the device is configured to run LRA vibrators in Open loop mode. If this is set to OFF, it is configured to run LRA vibrators in Closed loop mode.<br/>&nbsp;</p>
<p></p></body></html>
